Earlier you learned about the cross
entropy loss function and
how it can be used to measure
the error made by the neural network
of a Continuous Bag of Words Model
when making a single prediction.
Now, you'll train the neural
net using batches of examples.
First, you will propagate these
examples forward into the network.
If you don't remember what
forward propagation is,
no worries, I'll cover this in the video.
You will then calculate the costs
which is an extension of the loss to
support a batch of training examples.
Finally, you will use back propagation and
gradient descent
to optimize the parameters of the network
and improve its predictive performance.
I'll be describing these soon.
A quick refresher on forward propagation.
It involves taking input values, passing
them forward through the neural network
from input to output through
each successive layer and
calculating the values of
the layers as you do so.
Starting with a batch of
examples represent it as X AV by
m matrix where V is the vocabulary
size and M is the batch size.
You will first propagate X forward
into the neural network and
get the output Matrix y hat,
which is Av by m Matrix.
Remember that the outputs matrix simply
stacks the m output column vectors
corresponding to the m input vectors
representing each of training examples.
Now, let's revisit the formulas for
forward propagation.
To calculate the loss for
a single example, you'll use
the cross entropy loss function.
When you're working with batches of
examples, you will calculate the costs
which has the same purpose as the loss and
is actually based on the loss function.
In practice, the terms loss and
cost are often used interchangeably.
But in this course, we will refer
to loss for a single example and
cost to refer to a batch of examples.
The cross entropy cost for a batch of
examples is simply the mean of the cross
entropy losses of each of
the m individual examples.
Formally, the formula for
the cross entropy costs for
a batch of training
examples is J batch equals
-1/m times the sum over all the examples.
So i from 1 to m of
the sum over all the rows
that each represents a word
in the vocabulary, which is j
from 1 to V of y,
subscript j, superscripts i,
times the logarithm of y hat,
subscript j, superscript i.
You can rewrite this formula
as J batch equals 1/m
times the sum over all
the examples of J superscripts i.
Where J superscript i is the loss for
example i.
By doing it this way,
you can visualize the cost as
the average of the individual losses.
Up next you'll use the cost function to
adjust the parameters of the neural net to
improve its predictions.
You have seen the cross
entropy cost function and
why it is helpful in predicting
one of the possible words.
In the next video,
you're going to learn how to train your
word vectors using this cost function.